gh-94912: Added marker for non-standard coroutine function detection (#99247)
python/cpython: Doc/library/inspect.rst

.. function:: iscoroutinefunction(object)

   Return ``True`` if the object is a :term:`coroutine function` (a function
   defined with an :keyword:`async def` syntax), a :func:`functools.partial`
   wrapping a :term:`coroutine function`, or an instance of a class defining

>    an :keyword:`async def` ``__call__``.

Reviewer: I would add an explicit mention of sync functions marked with `@markcoroutinefunction` here (and in the versionchanged block too).

   .. versionadded:: 3.5

   .. versionchanged:: 3.8
      Functions wrapped in :func:`functools.partial` now return ``True`` if the
      wrapped function is a :term:`coroutine function`.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12
      Instances of classes defining an :keyword:`async def` ``__call__`` now
      return ``True``.

.. function:: markcoroutinefunction(func)

   Decorator to mark a callable as a :term:`coroutine function` if it would not
   otherwise be detected by :func:`iscoroutinefunction`.

>    This may be of use for sync functions that return a :term:`coroutine`, but
>    prefer :keyword:`async def` functions, or if necessary calling the function
>    and testing the return with :func:`iscoroutine` where feasible.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing because of the comma. Suggestion:

```suggestion
   This may be of use for sync functions that return a :term:`coroutine`,
   if the function is passed to an API that requires :func:`iscoroutinefunction`.

   When possible, using an :keyword:`async def` function is preferred.
   Also acceptable is calling the function
   and testing the return with :func:`iscoroutine`.
```

Feel free to reword this to your pleasing.

Author: Thanks @gvanrossum. 

I went with your suggestion here. 

One option I looked at was: 

```
   When possible, using an :keyword:`async def` function is preferred.
   Alternatively, consider calling the function and testing the return with
   :func:`iscoroutine`, if feasible. 
```

The point was to capture your initial concerns from the discussions on the issue, and those linked from there. I took that to be ≈_"Do these other things if you can"_. I'm happy to defer to you on whether that's valuable (I guess it is!) and exact wording.

      wrapped function is a :term:`coroutine function`.

> .. function:: markcoroutinefunction(object)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. function:: markcoroutinefunction(func)
```
